Restore the ability to load fonts by relative URL in browsers (#1934)
diegomura/react-pdf: .changeset/violet-nails-accept.md

---
'@react-pdf/font': patch
---

> Restore the ability to load fonts by relative URL in browsers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: ability to load fonts by relative URL in browsers
```
